I followed elena in elena asins along with
today I'm going to show you how I make the invisible joints
with a technique called graciela meshing
it was in English that the sitges cinema
this technique is used a lot to close the shoulders of the garments
pomp the tip of the boxes for example
we can compare them with the little shirt since we already have to finish it
first
when we finished the garment
we have to carry the points normally
but enabling
unit of another color
nor as you can see here is not closed normal
but to use nor the most credit
This allows us
that we can see the points clearly
to pick them up for sewing
when we cut and sold the main color of the garment
do not leave it a little bit
to be able to use it
for cela sewing
ok let's start
we face the two pieces that we have to join right versus right
there are no important limits
we always have to have
the reverse
outside
then it was not generated and lion a needle
we'll see
we have the level of oxygen in the last point one as has been
when we have closed
now we have to take the first point from the other side
pass the thread
the texts are staining like this
valencia mons
n you have to throw them percent
enough but not too much
it's about that the attention is similar to that of the laps we already have
made so that the seam is really invisible
while the steering wheel is pulled
good
firm white
but without pressing because if we press it will be very emotional
very ugly
well then now we look where we have wounded
one
on this side
we take
the point that is next
as a child
we took this point and we go back to the nile, that is, the point of the
that we have left
we were a little
bad now we have Emilio on this side
as always the point that is next to the injured
and we put everything back in the deceased we've left
now we have the Indian here
this point did not come out
let's take the time that it is next to the child
the same
from which the child came
let's repeat it
aquesta el inau
the next point
and we return
to the point
where does this same one come from?
this same point do not fail last minute
before this year
we take the point on the child's side
and we return
the day before yesterday
fifteen minutes
we take the side point
we will not go back
the previous
she is turning the tissue
Chao make the tissue that goes half say
the normal points of the normal turn
so that the position that the invisible actually look at all the time is the same
let's do with one minute to go
small than a girl
the last points
minoru suzuki blue
take the belt
you have to be careful not to get hooked to the thread but colon but good is unfaithful
more than anything, how easy finance does not happen either
peak then we will take it out
the only thing that the Imperials will expel us from doing and we have to give it a
conflict with the scissors but also neither
well, we have
Kim here we are at the last point
just when the Salamanca team
I thought that if a blemish though it eliminated
nothing happens
india launched the last point of this other side we return
to the last one
iniesta
now here
we can hook again to ensure the sewing
we improve with a
with a milestone
what we have thought
Well here you have your sewing and it's over
Now what we have to do is to say those centuries
proximities
This is very easy
much easier if it has not been spotted
But let's go easy anyway, the first thing to do is
take
the thread of the first point
and strips
if it has not been stained it will go out alone
perfect
now we do the same thing commented
we turn
here is a little bit spotted a foul
mimicha smudges a little
similarly we simply give a little cut with the tucita much care of
do not cut hands of the short
and that we have our position and do tomorrow
go here
as you can see
it is practically invisible
and it does not leave any kind of
blacks are an expense
perfect in front and behind
thank you very much for divine power and see you soon